SD

What my parents think of me?
My parents feel that I’m a good son who respect his elders and takes care of younger and elder ones in the family.
They like to listen my opinion in family discussions and decisions. They feel that I actively took responsibilities along
with managing office work during my sister’s wedding which was in April 2024. They feel happy that I help them in
household like house cleaning, plant watering and in agricultural activities like ploughing, cutting crops, etc.
They feel really happy with the bonding that I share with them and with my sisters. They feel that i should reduce my screen time.

What my friends/colleagues think of me?
My friends feel  that I listen to their problems and am ready to help them whenever they need. They trust me with their
secrets. My friends feel that I take criticism constructively. My colleagus like to play foosball with me
 and have conversations with me during tea breaks where we also discussour future plans. Some of my friends feel that 
I dont spend much time with them.


What my manager thinks of me?
I am working for RedBus for past 1 year. My manager feels that I complete the projects assigned to me within the deadlines.
He feels that I communicate well with the project related questions. He shows his confidence on me by assigning challenging 
projects to me which helps me in growth and learning. He appreciated me when I completed a critical task whose deadlines 
were advanced by 4 days. He supports me in learning. He approved my request of attending 7 days GoLang training within the office. 

What I think of myself?
I feel really grateful that I have supporting parents who give me the freedom to take my decisions. I enjoy helping my parents
financially, in household and in farming. I like to spend time with my family and friends which also helps me to see things from different perspectives.
I like to follow a proper schedule for the day so that i can manage my time well and take out some time for learning. I keep myself fit
with 5-6 days of workout in a week.

What I want to improve?
I want to gain some more muscle mass which will help me in learning calisthenics exercises.
I want to go more often on trips with my friends. I want to enhance my public speaking skills.


